2013-Volume 37
Issues 1-2
Amel Ben Abda, Imen Ben Saad, Maatoug Hassine 	Recovering boundary data: The Cauchy Stokes system
A. El-Gohary, Ahmad Alshamrani, Adel Naif Al-Otaibi 	The generalized Gompertz distribution
Farhad Hosseinzadeh Lotfi, Mohsen Rostamy-Malkhalifeh, Nazila Aghayi, Zahra Ghelej Beigi, Kobra Gholami 	An improved method for ranking alternatives in multiple criteria decision analysis
C. Veeramani, R.J. 	Spiteri Modeling and simulation of the CLS cryogenic system
Parham A. Mirzaei, Manouchehr Rad 	Toward design and fabrication of wind-driven vehicles: Procedure to optimize the threshold of driving forces
Milad Gorji Ashtiani, Ahmad Makui, Reza Ramezanian 	A robust model for a leader–follower competitive facility location problem in a discrete space
Jun Huang, Zhengzhi Han 	Adaptive non-fragile observer design for the uncertain Lur’e differential inclusion system
Saeed-Reza Sabbagh-Yazdi, Tayebeh Amiri-SaadatAbadi	GFV solution on UTE mesh for transient modeling of concrete aging effects on thermal plane strains during construction of gravity dam
Sookyun Wang, Jung Hyun Choi	Simulating fate and transport of chromium in saturated sediments
Zhongliang Yue	An avoiding information loss approach to group decision making
S. Cheng, J.C. Ji, J. Zhou	Fast synchronization of directionally coupled chaotic systems
Union H.-N. Huynh, Neale L. Fulton	Aircraft proximity termination conditions in the planar turn centric modes
R.K. Mohanty, M.K. Jain, Deepika Dhall	High accuracy cubic spline approximation for two dimensional quasi-linear elliptic boundary value problems
M.S. Malashetty, Premila Kollur, W. Sidram 	Effect of rotation on the onset of double diffusive convection in a Darcy porous medium saturated with a couple stress fluid
Hongwei Jiao, Zhankui Wang, Yongqiang Chen	Global optimization algorithm for sum of generalized polynomial ratios problem
M.A. Doheim, A.F. Abdel Gawad, G.M.A. Mahran, M.H. Abu-Ali, A.M. Rizk	Numerical simulation of particulate-flow in spiral separators: Part I. Low solids concentration (0.3% & 3% solids)
G. Tohidi, S. Razavyan	A circular global profit Malmquist productivity index in data envelopment analysis
S. Tariverdilo, M. Shahmardani, J. Mirzapour, R. Shabani	Asymmetric free vibration of circular plate in contact with incompressible fluid
A. Guria, B. Das, S. Mondal, M. Maiti	Inventory policy for an item with inflation induced purchasing price, selling price and demand with immediate part payment
A.Y. Bani Hashim, N.A. Abu Osman, W.A.B. Wan Abas, L. Abdul Latif Approximating the relationship among the degree of the reaction forces and the nodes on footprint during a stance phase
R.T. Faal, A.R. Pasrad, A.S. Milani	Anti-plane stress analysis of dissimilar sectors with multiple defects
K. Muralidharan, Sridhar Muddada, B.S.V. Patnaik	Numerical simulation of vortex induced vibrations and its control by suction and blowing
Chin-Chih Chang, Shey-Huei Sheu, Yen-Luan Chen	Optimal replacement model with age-dependent failure type based on a cumulative repair-cost limit policy
Jian Wu, Qing-wei Cao	Same families of geometric aggregation operators with intuitionistic trapezoidal fuzzy numbers
Majid Ramezani, Mahdi Bashiri, Reza Tavakkoli-Moghaddam	A new multi-objective stochastic model for a forward/reverse logistic network design with responsiveness and quality level
Wen-Xiu Li, Sheng-Jie Liu, Ji-Fei Li, Zhan-Hua Ji, ... Xia Yin	Ground movement analysis in deep iron mine using fuzzy probability theory
A.R. Khoei, M. Eghbalian, H. Moslemi, H. Azadi	Crack growth modeling via 3D automatic adaptive mesh refinement based on modified-SPR technique
Deepak Kumar, Vivek Kumar, V.P. Singh	Modeling and dynamic simulation of mixed feed multi-effect evaporators in paper industry
Majid Zerafat Angiz, Adli Mustafa, Mohammad Jalal Kamali	Cross-ranking of Decision Making Units in Data Envelopment Analysis
D.W. Grimble, S. Theodossiades, H. Rahnejat, M. Wilby	Thin film tribology of pharmaceutical elastomeric seals
B. Boubir, H. Triki, A.M. Wazwaz	Bright solitons of the variants of the Novikov–Veselov equation with constant and variable coefficients
M. Heydari, Z. Avazzadeh, H. Navabpour, G.B. Loghmani	Numerical solution of Fredholm integral equations of the second kind by using integral mean value theorem II. High dimensional problems
A.R. Khoei, S.O.R. Biabanaki, S.M. Parvaneh	3D dynamic modeling of powder forming processes via a simple and efficient node-to-surface contact algorithm
Manik Chandra Singh, Nilratan Chakraborty	Reflection and refraction of P-, SV- and thermal wave, at an initially stressed solid–liquid interface in generalized thermoelasticity
Yanjun Liu, Feng Ding	Convergence properties of the least squares estimation algorithm for multivariable systems
Xu Wang	On a partially debonded rigid line inclusion penetrating a circular inhomogeneity
Hua Wang, Dingguo Pu	A nonmonotone filter trust region method for the system of nonlinear equations
Mazaher Salamat-talab, Farhad Shahabi, Abbas Assadi	Size dependent analysis of functionally graded microbeams using strain gradient elasticity incorporated with surface energy
Sofen K. Jena, Swarup K. Mahapatra	Numerical modeling of interaction between surface radiation and natural convection of atmospheric aerosol in presence of transverse magnetic field
Mingliang Zhang, C.W. Li, Yongming Shen	Depth-averaged modeling of free surface flows in open channels with emerged and submerged vegetation
K. Davey, R. Prosser	Analytical solutions for heat transfer on fractal and pre-fractal domains
H. Saghi, M.J. Ketabdari, M. Zamirian	A novel algorithm based on parameterization method for calculation of curvature of the free surface flows
Xiaodong Wang, Fei Li, Quan Yang, Anrui He	FEM analysis for residual stress prediction in hot rolled steel strip during the run-out table cooling
Issue 3	
Sergey Leble, Anna Perelomova	Problem of proper decomposition and initialization of acoustic and entropy modes in a gas affected by the mass force
Jie Ding, Hong Gu, Zhigui Lin	Fundamental results on the reaction–diffusion equations associated with a PEPA model
Ji-Bo Wang, Jian-Jun Wang	Single-machine scheduling with precedence constraints and position-dependent processing times
Alessandro Gambini, Giovanni Mingari Scarpello, Daniele Ritelli	Mathematical properties of EOQ models with special cost structure
Muhammad Aslam, Chien-Wei Wu, Muhammad Azam, Chi-Hyuck Jun	Variable sampling inspection for resubmitted lots based on process capability index Cpk for normally distributed items
Imran Aziz, Siraj-ul-Islam, Božidar Šarler	Wavelets collocation methods for the numerical solution of elliptic BV problems
Chongyang Liu, Zhaohua Gong, Bangyu Shen, Enmin Feng	Modelling and optimal control for a fed-batch fermentation process
Chong Li, Sifeng Liu	A robust optimization approach to reduce the bullwhip effect of supply chains with vendor order placement lead time delays in an uncertain environment
Lama Moussawi-Haidar, Moueen Salameh, Walid Nasr	An instantaneous replenishment model under the effect of a sampling policy for defective items
Pengzhan Huang, Xinlong Feng, Yinnian He	Two-level defect-correction Oseen iterative stabilized finite element methods for the stationary Navier–Stokes equations
Zhi-zhong Sun, Zai-bin Zhang	A linearized compact difference scheme for a class of nonlinear delay partial differential equations
Yang Woo Shin, Dug Hee Moon	Approximation of M/M/s/K retrial queue with nonpersistent customers
Hany H. Sherief, Nasser M. El-Maghraby, Allam A. Allam	Stochastic thermal shock problem in generalized thermoelasticity
A.I. Abreu, A. Canelas, W.J. Mansur	A CQM-based BEM for transient heat conduction problems in homogeneous materials and FGMs
Huy Tuan Nguyen, Quoc Viet Tran, Van Thinh Nguyen	Some remarks on a modified Helmholtz equation with inhomogeneous source
Jan Galicki, Michał Czech	A new approach to formulate the general strength theories for anisotropic discontinuous materials. Part A: The experimental base for a new approach to formulate the general strength theories for anisotropic materials on the basis of wood
Jan Galicki	“A new approach to formulate the general strength theories for anisotropic discontinuous materials” Part B General form of polynomial to describe the strength of anisotropic discontinuous materials
K. Parand, Mehdi Dehghan, F. Baharifard		Solving a laminar boundary layer equation with the rational Gegenbauer functions
Changcong Zhou, Zhenzhou Lu, Luyi Li, Jun Feng, Bintuan Wang	A new algorithm for variance based importance analysis of models with correlated inputs
S.V. Utyuzhnikov	Numerical and laboratory prediction of smoke lofting in the atmosphere over large area fires
Nagesh Shukla, Yogesh Dashora, M.K. Tiwari, Ravi Shankar	Design of computer network topologies: A Vroom Inspired Psychoclonal Algorithm
Md. Samsuzzoha, Manmohan Singh, David Lucy	Uncertainty and sensitivity analysis of the basic reproduction number of a vaccinated epidemic model of influenza
Chih-Ping Wu, Cheng-Hsin Kuo	A unified formulation of PVD-based finite cylindrical layer methods for functionally graded material sandwich cylinders
Liu Yang, Jian-Ning Yu, Guan-Wei Luo, Zui-Cha Deng	Numerical identification of source terms for a two dimensional heat conduction problem in polar coordinate system
Chesoong Kim, Sergey Dudin, Olga Taramin, Janghyun Baek		Queueing system with impatient heterogeneous customers as a model of call center
Yunus Demir, S. Kürşat İşleyen	Evaluation of mathematical models for flexible job-shop scheduling problems
Haiyan Xu, D. Marc Kilgour, Keith W. Hipel, Edward A. McBean	Theory and application of conflict resolution with hybrid preference in colored graphs
Ibrahim A. Baky, Mahmoud A. Abo-Sinna	TOPSIS for bi-level MODM problems
S. Salahshour, T. Allahviranloo		Application of fuzzy differential transform method for solving fuzzy Volterra integral equations
Mehdi Dehghan, Mania Sabouri	A Legendre spectral element method on a large spatial domain to solve the predator–prey system modeling interacting populations
T. Wei, Y.G. Chen, J.C. Liu	A variational-type method of fundamental solutions for a Cauchy problem of Laplace’s equation
Zengji Du, Yansen Lv	Permanence and almost periodic solution of a Lotka–Volterra model with mutual interference and time delays
Xiao-Guang Lv, Ting-Zhu Huang, Zong-Ben Xu, Xi-Le Zhao	A special Hermitian and skew-Hermitian splitting method for image restoration
Tamer Nabil	Complex diffusion filtering of three dimensional turbulent flows
Bo Fang, Ya-Xin Zhen, Chi-Ping Zhang, Ye Tang	Nonlinear vibration analysis of double-walled carbon nanotubes based on nonlocal elasticity theory
Cheng-Hung Huang, Ming-Yuan Lee, Sin Kim	An inverse problem in determining the acid and salt diffusivities simultaneously for polymer solution in a wet spinning process
Saeed Kazem	An integral operational matrix based on Jacobi polynomials for solving fractional-order differential equations
Li Zhang, Ning Wang	A modified DNA genetic algorithm for parameter estimation of the 2-Chlorophenol oxidation in supercritical water
R. Venkata Rao, Vivek Patel	Multi-objective optimization of heat exchangers using a modified teaching-learning-based optimization algorithm
S.A.A. Hosseini, M. Zamanian	Analytical solution for general nonlinear continuous systems in a complex form
T. Allahviranloo, F. Hosseinzadeh Lotfi, M. Khorasani Kiasari, M. Khezerloo	On the fuzzy solution of LR fuzzy linear systems
Connie Yang, Wen-Bin Young	The effective permeability of the underfill flow domain in flip-chip packaging
Shakeel Safdar, Andrew J. Pinkerton, Lin Li, Mohammed A. Sheikh, Philip J. Withers	An anisotropic enhanced thermal conductivity approach for modelling laser melt pools for Ni-base super alloys
Jiankang Liu, Zhoushun Zheng	IIM-based ADI finite difference scheme for nonlinear convection–diffusion equations with interfaces
Jacek Smolka, Zbigniew Bulinski, Adam Fic, Andrzej J. Nowak, ... Armin Hafner	A computational model of a transcritical R744 ejector based on a homogeneous real fluid approach
Abigail L. Bowers, Tae-Yeon Kim, Monika Neda, Leo G. Rebholz, Eliot Fried	The Leray--deconvolution model: Energy analysis and numerical algorithms
Jyh-Haw Wang, Jason Sheng-Hong Tsai, Jian-Syun Huang, Shu-Mei Guo, Leang-San Shieh	A low-order active fault-tolerant state space self-tuner for the unknown sampled-data nonlinear singular system using OKID and modified ARMAX model-based system identification
M. Omar, R. Sarker, W.A.M. Othman	A just-in-time three-level integrated manufacturing system for linearly time-varying demand process
V.A. Patil, V.A. Sawant, Kousik Deb	2-D finite element analysis of rigid pavement considering dynamic vehicle–pavement interaction effects
Ioannis Dimitriou	A mixed priority retrial queue with negative arrivals, unreliable server and multiple vacations
M. Fossati, I. Piedra-Cueva	A 3D hydrodynamic numerical model of the Río de la Plata and Montevideo’s coastal zone
Shuhn-Shyurng Hou	Analysis of a stagnation-point premixed flame influenced by inert spray, heat loss, and non-unity Lewis number
V.J.da C. Farias, B.R.P. da Rocha, M.P.da C. da Rocha, H.R. Tavares	The use of the fractal model to complex resistivity in the interpretation of induced polarization data
Reaz A. Chaudhuri, A. Sinan Oktem, C. Guedes Soares	Stress concentration/intensity around elliptical/circular cylinder shaped surface flaws in cross-ply plates and validity of St. Venant’s principle in the presence of interacting singularities
A. Sinan Oktem, Veysel Alankaya, C. Guedes Soares	Boundary-discontinuous Fourier analysis of simply supported cross-ply plates
Xianyu Yu, Yulin Zhang, Dehua Xu, Yunqiang Yin	Single machine scheduling problem with two synergetic agents and piece-rate maintenance
Yuming Chen, Fengqin Zhang	Dynamics of a delayed predator–prey model with predator migration
Wenting Shao, Xionghua Wu	Chebyshev tau meshless method based on the highest derivative for fourth order equations
S. Shahriari, I.G. Hassan, L. Kadem	Modeling unsteady flow characteristics using smoothed particle hydrodynamics
R. Ellahi	The effects of MHD and temperature dependent viscosity on the flow of non-Newtonian nanofluid in a pipe: Analytical solutions
K. Ramakrishnan, G. Ray	Robust stability criteria for a class of uncertain discrete-time systems with time-varying delay
Hai-Feng Huo, Li-Xiang Feng	Global stability for an HIV/AIDS epidemic model with different latent stages and treatment
Li Cai, Yufeng Nie, Wenxian Xie, Weiwei Zhang	Numerical path integration method based on bubble grids for nonlinear dynamical systems
Jie Wei, Jing Zhao	Reverse channel decisions for a fuzzy closed-loop supply chain
Fatemeh Rostami, Mahdi Shahrokhi, Md Azlin Md Saod, Saeed Reza Sabbagh Yazdi	RETRACTED: Numerical simulation of undular hydraulic jump on smooth bed using volume of fluid method
Radosław Rudek	On single processor scheduling problems with learning dependent on the number of processed jobs
Xinhua Hou, Lian Duan, Zuda Huang	Permanence and periodic solutions for a class of delay Nicholson’s blowflies models
S.O. Duffuaa, A. El-Ga’aly	A multi-objective mathematical optimization model for process targeting using 100% inspection policy
T.Y. Pai, G.S. Shyu, L. Chen, H.M. Lo, ... S.C. Tseng	Modelling transportation and transformation of nitrogen compounds at different influent concentrations in sewer pipe
Shan Gao, Zaiming Liu	An M/G/1 queue with single working vacation and vacation interruption under Bernoulli schedule
T.L. Fernando, V.N. Phat, H.M. Trinh	Output feedback guaranteed cost control of uncertain linear discrete systems with interval time-varying delays
Issue 4
Wen-Yu He, Wei-Xin Ren	Trigonometric wavelet-based method for elastic thin plate analysis
Wen-Ying Wang	Optimum production and inspection modeling with minimal repair and rework considerations
R.K. Deka, A. Paul	Stability of Taylor–Couette and Dean flow: A semi-analytical study
Yan Gu, Wen Chen	Infinite domain potential problems by a new formulation of singular boundary method
Yanina Fumero, Gabriela Corsano, Jorge M. Montagna	A Mixed Integer Linear Programming model for simultaneous design and scheduling of flowshop plants
Sebastián Lozano, Ester Gutiérrez, Plácido Moreno	Network DEA approach to airports performance assessment considering undesirable outputs
Manjot Kaur, Amit Kumar	Optimal compromise solution of multi-objective minimal cost flow problems in fuzzy environment
Feng Ding	Hierarchical multi-innovation stochastic gradient algorithm for Hammerstein nonlinear system modeling
K. Nandakumar, Marian Wiercigroch	Galerkin projections for state-dependent delay differential equations with applications to drilling
Magdy A. Sirwah, Kadry Zakaria	Nonlinear evolution of the travelling waves at the surface of a thin viscoelastic falling film
J.K. Jha, Kripa Shanker	Single-vendor multi-buyer integrated production-inventory model with controllable lead time and service level constraints
Yuanyuan Liu, Yiqiang Q. Zhao	Asymptotic behavior of the loss probability for an M/G/1/N queue with vacations
Behnam Vahdani, S. Meysam Mousavi, R. Tavakkoli-Moghaddam, H. Hashemi	A new design of the elimination and choice translating reality method for multi-criteria group decision-making in an intuitionistic fuzzy environment
Emad E. Elmahdy, Abdallah W. Aboutahoun	A new approach for parameter estimation of finite Weibull mixture distributions for reliability modeling
J.R. Artalejo, T. Phung-Duc	Single server retrial queues with two way communication
Takashi Nagatani	Nonlinear-map model for bus schedule in capacity-controlled transportation
Keivan Kiani	Vibration behavior of simply supported inclined single-walled carbon nanotubes conveying viscous fluids flow using nonlocal Rayleigh beam model
S. Moradi, A. Yeganeh, M. Salimi	CFD-modeling of effects of draft tubes on operating condition in spouted beds
Jie Bao, Laura Schaefer	Lattice Boltzmann equation model for multi-component multi-phase flow with high density ratios
A. Gholam Abri	An investigation on the sensitivity and stability radius of returns to scale and efficiency in data envelopment analysis
Vahid Majazi Dalfard	New mathematical model for problem of dynamic cell formation based on number and average length of intra and intercellular movements
Chong Li	Controlling the bullwhip effect in a supply chain system with constrained information flows
Pengzhan Huang, Xinlong Feng, Demin Liu	A stabilized finite element method for the time-dependent Stokes equations based on Crank–Nicolson Scheme
Basant K. Jha, Clement A. Apere	Unsteady MHD two-phase Couette flow of fluid–particle suspension
